#TOW mysite.github.io

So we are going to start the first episode of the saga by creating a web page similar to the one you are looking at. We will create your github account, add your repo for assignments and create yoursite.github.io to show it off.

-----

##Git, Github

Git is a version control system that is used for software development and other version control tasks. As a distributed revision control system it is aimed at speed, data integrity, and support for distributed, non-linear workflows.

GitHub is a web-based Git repository hosting service. It offers all of the distributed version control and source code management (SCM) functionality of Git as well as adding its own features.

Start by creating a github account [here](https://github.com/). There you can create your own repository *(your-repository for now)* Then install git via terminal.

	$ sudo apt-get install git

Once thats done open your project directory in your PC. Now we will clone your-repository (by clone we mean create a copy pf it in your locan machine) using the web address of the repository itself.

	$ git clone link-of-your-repository

Now say you wanna add a file *a_file.txt* to your repository. Well in that case create a_file.txt in the folder and follow the following.

	$ git add a_file.txt #add file contents to your staging area before you can commit them
	$ git commit -m "Commit message" #confirm your changes
	$ git push #update your online repository

One other interesting command is

	$ git status # see what the status of your staging area is compared to the code in your working directory

This is just the gist of it. To learn more read [here](http://gitref.org/)